Docs: update plugins tutorials (#373)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/create-a-plugin/develop-a-plugin/build-a-data-source-backend-plugin.md

For more information about backend plugins, refer to the documentation on [Backend plugins](../../introduction/backend.md).

In this tutorial, you'll:

- Build a [backend](../../introduction/backend.md) for your data source
- Implement a health check for your data source
- Enable [Grafana Alerting](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/) for your data source

#### Prerequisites

- Grafana 9.0
- Go ([Version](https://github.com/grafana/plugin-tools/blob/main/packages/create-plugin/templates/backend/go.mod#L3))
- [Mage](https://magefile.org/)
- [LTS](https://nodejs.dev/en/about/releases/) version of Node.js

## Create a new plugin

<CreatePlugin />

Now, let's verify that the plugin you've built so far can be used in Grafana when creating a new data source:

1. Navigate via the side-menu to **Connections** -> **Data Sources**.
1. Click **Add data source**.
1. Search for the name of your newly created plugin and select it.

> 1. Enter a name and then click **Save & Test** (a "randomized error" may occur and can be ignored).

Reviewer: Will apply and extend with more context.

> In this sample data source, there is a 50% chance that the health check will be successful. Make sure to return appropriate error messages to the users, informing them about what is misconfigured in the data source.

Reviewer: It is literally a 50% chance https://github.com/grafana/plugin-tools/blob/main/packages/create-plugin/templates/backend/pkg/plugin/datasource.go#L100 so feels better to explain exactly what the code is doing. But the code is simple enough that the explanation could be unnecessary.

Open `/pkg/plugin/datasource.go`. In this file you'll see that the `Datasource` struct also implements the [backend.CheckHealthHandler](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go/backend?tab=doc#CheckHealthHandler) interface. Navigate to the `CheckHealth` method to see how the health check for this sample plugin is implemented.

> Learn more: view other Health Check implementations in our [examples repository](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more, refer to other Health Check implementations in our [examples repository](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples/).
```

## Enable Grafana Alerting

1. Open _src/plugin.json_.

> 1. Add the top level `alerting` property with a value of `true` to specify that your plugin supports Grafana Alerting, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the top level `alerting` property with a value of `true` to specify that your plugin supports Grafana Alerting. For example:
```

     ...
   }
   ```

1. Restart your Grafana instance.
1. Open Grafana in your web browser.

> 1. Verify that alerting is now supported by navigating to your created data source. You should an "Alerting supported" message in the Settings view.

Reviewer: This is fun since its changed between versions 9 and 10 as well, and we currently use `9.5.3` by default in create-plugin. 

We may need to make this simpler/generic, advise which version these instructions apply for, and link to the docs for alerting.

     ...
   }
   ```

1. Restart your Grafana instance.
1. Open Grafana in your web browser.

> 1. Verify that alerting is now supported by navigating to your created data source. You should an "Alerting supported" message in the Settings view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verify that alerting is now supported by going to your created data source. In the Settings view, you should see an "Alerting supported" message.
```

> 1. Verify that alerting is now supported by navigating to your created data source. You should an "Alerting supported" message in the Settings view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verify that alerting is now supported by navigating to your created data source. In the Settings view, you should see an "Alerting supported" message.
```

### Create an alert

> :::note

Reviewer 2: It's a good ideea to add spaces before and after note bodies, on account that Prettier may reformat the note in a way that breaks it.

> The following instructions are based on Grafana v10.1.1, consult the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/) for alerting for version appropriate guidance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following instructions are based on Grafana v10.1.1. Consult our [Alerting documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/) for guidance appropriate to your version.
```

:::

1. Open the dashboard you created earlier in the _Create a new plugin_ step.
1. Edit the existing panel.

> 1. Click on the _Alert_ tab underneath the panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the _Alert_ tab underneath the panel.
```

> 1. Click on _Create alert rule from this panel_ button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click _Create alert rule from this panel_ button.
```

1. In _Expressions_ section, in the _Threshold_ expression `C`, set the _IS ABOVE_ to `15`.

> 1. Click on _Set as alert condition_ on _Threshold_ expression `C`. Your alert should now look as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click _Set as alert condition_ on _Threshold_ expression `C`. Your alert should now look like this:
```

> ![Expression section showing B "reduce" with Input: A, Function: Last, Mode: Strict, C Threshold with Input: B, Is Above: 15 and Alert Condition enabled indicator](/img/create-alert.png "Alert Expression")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Expression section showing B "reduce" with Input: A, Function: Last, Mode: Strict, C Threshold with Input: B, Is Above: 15 and Alert Condition enabled indicator](/img/create-alert.png "Alert Expression").
```

> 1. In _Set alert evaluation behavior_ section, click on _New folder_ button and create a new folder to store an evaluation rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the _Set alert evaluation behavior_ section, click _New folder_ and create a new folder to store an evaluation rule.
```

> 1. Then, click on _New evaluation group_ button and create a new evaluation group; choose a name and set the _Evaluation interval_ to `10s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the _New evaluation group_ and create a new evaluation group. Then, choose a name and set the _Evaluation interval_ to `10s`.
```

> 1. Click _Save rule and exit_ button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click _Save rule and exit_.
```

1. Save the dashboard.

> 1. After some time the alert rule evaluates and transitions into _Alerting_ state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After some time, the alert rule evaluates and transitions into the _Alerting_ state.
```
